Brian Moran writes in SQL Server Magazine (March 2005) that an interesting battle is taking ....... between Microsoft and Oracle, two titans of the database world, and the prize is business-application software.
form 
part 
 shape
stage

Pricing for databases and prices for high-end business-application software can be ....... entwined when a vendor controls both the business layer software and the database.
inevitably 
 inexorably 
inevitably 
irrevocably

Vendors who sell both have a lot more margin to ....... with and can be a lot more creative about how they price a total package for customers.
control 
deal 
 play 
sell

Microsoft and Oracle are ....... competitors in the database space; competition in other areas inevitably has an effect on their database competitions.
febrile 
fiendish 
 fierce 
fleet

Earlier this year, Oracle (the second largest provider of business application software) merged with PeopleSoft (the third largest provider), which had already ....... J. D. Edwards (another major provider) back in 2003.
engorged 
gulped 
inhaled 
 swallowed

SAP is still the dominant provider, but Oracle's PeopleSoft acquisition is intended to grow the company's ....... application division.
 flagging 
shrinking 
waxing 
wilting

So a series of acquisitions has led to a(n) ....... in which SAP and Oracle share market leadership in the world of business application software.
cartel 
consortium 
monopoly 
 oligopoly

At the same time, Microsoft has been ....... slow but steady strides in building its own competitive offerings in this space.
forming 
 making 
stretching 
taking

Microsoft has been on a buying ....... since its purchase of Great Plains several years ago, acquiring Solomon and several other niche companies to stitch together the Microsoft Business Solutions Business Group.
binge 
burst 
spell 
 spree

The competition between Microsoft and Oracle isn't only about business software; both companies are ....... to be platform companies.
starving 
straining 
stretching 
 striving